
Date: 11/16/14
@author Julie and Conor

For this particular project, it was a process of first becoming familiar with the existing stopwatch
and ClickCounter code for each partner before implementing any new code.  Then the next part was
choosing what plans/designs we wanted to work with.  We decided to work with the state design,
making a state for each function of the stopwatch such as stop, alarm, set, run.  It seemed easier
to think about a timer that way.  In terms of actually implementing the code, it was kind of
difficult to get rid of the unnecessary code in Stopwatch that was not going to relate to Timer.
The refactoring done had to be done in order to make the new code work.  Also refactoring the old
code makes the new code more efficient.  Android studio does tell when some method or class is
not being used, so we went back and tried to get rid of all the inefficiencies. When we were
actually coding, one would come up some idea, and the other would focus on checking the
functionality of the code.  It seemed to work pretty well.  Once we were done coding we
focused on testing and making tests that were best suited for Timer rather than Stopwatch.
Though we did use some testing methods from Stopwatch/Timer since it already tested what we
wanted to be tested.  Throughout the project we did use the repository to commit and this
made it easier to understand what the other partner was thinking without having to meet them.
Our state machine model was our code.  It helped develop a plan for what we needed.
If we had started coding before creating a model, we would have been blindly putting
stuff down.  The code would not have been as efficient or simplified.  Though, if there were
any changes that could be made to the model, we would have added an arrow from alarm to
running state to signify that when the timer starts decrementing, the timer beeps.  We also
should have added another arrow from alarm to alarm state to represent that if the button
isn’t pressed, the timer stays in alarm state.